# Expert-system-on-Gestational-Diabetes.
Gestational diabetes is one type of diabetes that women get during pregnancy. It is a condition, which increases the blood sugar level in the women. This expert system is designed to help an individual with a nutrition recommendation. This system starts with taking the basic inputs of individual such as their name, height, their pre-pregnancy weight, what trimester they are in. Based on these inputs, it asks the female for what kind of a meal plan is she looking for. 
This expert system helps the patients to have healthy eating habits and help them maintained their blood sugar to the standard level. It does not need the women to come to see their doctor every time they are needed a new diet. It helps then take rest and save that time that they spend waiting to see their dietitians, and it also saves the time on the dietitian’s side as it reduces that time that he or she has to spend on one-on-one sessions. With the time saved from this, the dietitians can spend this time on those women who have complex health issues. 
This system reduces the amount of money spent to see a dietitian, as this system would prove the required consultation based on their conditions and the type of meal plan, they are looking for. At times, it could also happen that the lady would not even have to visit the dietitians as this expert system would suggest the changes in their diet from time to time.
The main aim of this expert system is that these women seeking of consultation receive correct and proper advice at their precious period and most importantly that they receive a piece of advice based on their nutritional requirements rather than the kind of uncertain information that they could find on the web.
The end goal of this expert system is to have women access it from their own place, from their respective home. This system, on the other hand, will be able to help these females to keep a track on their diet and their meal which would help them maintain their blood sugar level and they’re by improving their health condition. And thereby reducing their time and money that they would have to invest in travelling and waiting. 
Expert: 
To come up with this expert system we interviewed an expert Dr Kiran Sinde dietitian who deals with pregnant women. She has been in this field for the past 15 years. She helped us understand that she suggests a diet on the factor that the most important which help her determine the kind of diet and the ways she could help them maintain a proper blood sugar level. And how on based on their regular check-up and the outcome she keeps changing their nutritional intake. All this information helped us to come up with such an expert system.
